Update migration-prep.adoc (#25)
mulesoft/docs-beta: modules/ROOT/pages/migration-prep.adoc

* You have the <<prepare_dev_environ, proper deployment environment>>.
* You do not require all applications to be on a single version of Mule (see below).

> For projects that are deployed on Mule 3, MuleSoft recommends that you use the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) to save the time and effort of re-creating the application from scratch in Mule 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects that are deployed on Mule 3, you can use the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) to save the time and effort of re-creating the application from scratch in Mule 4.
```

> For projects that are already in development or deployed on Mule 3 (whether a prospect or customer), MuleSoft recommends that you wait to migrate these applications until the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) is available. Using the MMA tool, you would speed up the heavy lifting work of re-creating the application from scratch in Mule 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects that are deployed on Mule 3, MuleSoft recommends that you use the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) to save the time and effort of re-creating the application from scratch in Mule 4.
```

[[prepare_dev_environ]]
== Setting up Your Local Development Environment

> First, you will need to download Studio 7 and install it. If you're deploying locally, you will also need to download the Mule 4 standalone runtime, if the one that comes with Studio does not match the one you want to use for runtime purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to download Studio 7 and install it. If you're deploying locally, you also need to download the Mule 4 standalone runtime, if the runtime that comes with Studio does not match the one you want to use for runtime purposes.
```
